todo.md, before:

# TODO
- Making the minimap work properly
- Designing a controller and controls explanation/overlay
- Saving and loading of actual files in slots
- Creating the maps for the necessary zones
- Designing the actual zones and the missions within them
- Creating the music for the different zones

# Done
- Porting code from the Galleons game
- Writing generic input class that abstracts away differences between controller and keys
- Changing the way the screen class works from the Galleons game
- Create a spritesheet utility that allows for easier working with spritesheets and quads
- TILED map loader: make the map display and work
- Make an entity system that allows for easy entity manipulation
- TILED map loader: collision and objects
- TILED map loader: entities
- Make a moving entity that respects collision
- Basic walking animations for necessary entities
- Basic AI implementation to test some stuff, based on boids.
- Combining an actual tiled map with more monster templates, working on proper collision
- Make a particle system that can work from source sprites to make them disintegrate
- Make a basic weapons system that can attack in a direction
- Basic combat now works, including blocking, damage and dying.
- Soundfx engine added
- Adding basic GUI system
- Adding map headers to the GUI and to the TILED loading system
- Health meter and connect it to the hero
- Adding interactable entities
- Better fonts for the headers of the maps
- Adding warp triggers
- Another test map to further test warping
- NPCS and a basic dialogue system
- Dialogue system can now have global checks and conditions to make it more interactive
- Better UI progressbar for the health instead of hearts
- More soundfx and now also background music
- Magic system and thinking about how spells should work
- Adding the first healing spell
- Adding the second blink spell
- Adding the third talk with plants spell
- Overhauling dialogue system to make it work with plants and other triggers
- Create a minimap and GUI element to display it with
- Make an easing library to make further UI easing easier.
- Make savefiles work with slots
- Add savefile menu, very rudimentary
- Menu now works with stacks so we can navigate them
- Improved UI audio, better music changes between maps and improved sound fx triggering

Commit message:

Major improvements to the controls since aliases and analog axis are now allowed

todo.md, after:

# TODO
- Multiple control options for one input, f.e. analog and dpad for movement
- Making the minimap work properly
- Designing a controller and controls explanation/overlay
- Saving and loading of actual files in slots
- Creating the maps for the necessary zones
- Designing the actual zones and the missions within them
- Creating the music for the different zones

# Done
- Porting code from the Galleons game
- Writing generic input class that abstracts away differences between controller and keys
- Changing the way the screen class works from the Galleons game
- Create a spritesheet utility that allows for easier working with spritesheets and quads
- TILED map loader: make the map display and work
- Make an entity system that allows for easy entity manipulation
- TILED map loader: collision and objects
- TILED map loader: entities
- Make a moving entity that respects collision
- Basic walking animations for necessary entities
- Basic AI implementation to test some stuff, based on boids.
- Combining an actual tiled map with more monster templates, working on proper collision
- Make a particle system that can work from source sprites to make them disintegrate
- Make a basic weapons system that can attack in a direction
- Basic combat now works, including blocking, damage and dying.
- Soundfx engine added
- Adding basic GUI system
- Adding map headers to the GUI and to the TILED loading system
- Health meter and connect it to the hero
- Adding interactable entities
- Better fonts for the headers of the maps
- Adding warp triggers
- Another test map to further test warping
- NPCS and a basic dialogue system
- Dialogue system can now have global checks and conditions to make it more interactive
- Better UI progressbar for the health instead of hearts
- More soundfx and now also background music
- Magic system and thinking about how spells should work
- Adding the first healing spell
- Adding the second blink spell
- Adding the third talk with plants spell
- Overhauling dialogue system to make it work with plants and other triggers
- Create a minimap and GUI element to display it with
- Make an easing library to make further UI easing easier.
- Make savefiles work with slots
- Add savefile menu, very rudimentary
- Menu now works with stacks so we can navigate them
- Improved UI audio, better music changes between maps and improved sound fx triggering
